Replaced IPv6 and IPv4 with Actual Addresses (#3)
dchidindu5/NAT_GSOC2025: MidReport.md

```
map wm0 algo "nat64" IPv6 -> IPv4
map wm0 algo "nat64" 64:ff9b:2a4:: -> 192.0.2.33
```

> Invariably this means we want to use 192.0.2.33 (IPv4) to access the public internet in order to communicate with GitHub's IPv4 server.

Reviewer: What is `192.0.2.33` is it the IP address assigned to `wm0`? It is not clear based on this paragraph or also the earlier.

Can you please clarify it?

Author: Yes, this is the IPv4 assigned to the network interface (wm0 or en0)

it can also be the IPv4 address of the host. of course this just an example of an ipv4 address.

Reviewer: (This comment too was resolved in a suggestion later, this discussion can be marked as resolved, thanks!)

> Invariably this means we want to use 192.0.2.33 (IPv4) to access the public internet in order to communicate with GitHub's IPv4 server.

Reviewer: OK, then what about changing that and pointing that out too in the sentence (I'm removing "Invariably" too, sounds a bit weird too... I'm not a native speaker though!, but it seems to just made the sounds "heavier"), e.g.:

```suggestion
This means we want to use the host IPv4 address associated to `wm0` interface 192.0.2.33 to access the public internet in order to communicate with GitHub's IPv4 server.
```

Author: that makes a lot of sense, thanks

During this process, IPv6 header will be rewritten to IPv4. Part of the IP structure requires source and destination address so our new IPv4 source address will be the Host IPv4 address (which is likely to change during further improvement) and the IPv4 destination address will be gotten from GitHub’s IPv4 embedded IPv6 address i.e. the IPv4 address embedded into IPv6 address (64:ff9b::8c52:7903) gotten from the DNS resolver.

> Note that NPF is our router so we will have to enable and configure a DNS caching resolver called [unbound](https://man.netbsd.org/unbound.conf.5) on the NetBSD machine. The job of the DNS64 is to synthesize AAAA responses from IPv4-only A records using the well-known prefix (64:ff9b::/96), then embed the Github’s IPv4 address (140.82.121.3) into it which will be (64:ff9b::8c52:7903). The hexadecimal values represent Github’s IPV4 address.

Reviewer: Please always spell "IPv" with the proper case:

```suggestion
Note that NPF is our router so we will have to enable and configure a DNS caching resolver called [unbound](https://man.netbsd.org/unbound.conf.5) on the NetBSD machine. The job of the DNS64 is to synthesize AAAA responses from IPv4-only A records using the well-known prefix (64:ff9b::/96), then embed the Github’s IPv4 address (140.82.121.3) into it which will be (64:ff9b::8c52:7903). The hexadecimal values represent Github’s IPv4 address.
```

Author: Noted, thanks

> Note that NPF is our router so we will have to enable and configure a DNS caching resolver called [unbound](https://man.netbsd.org/unbound.conf.5) on the NetBSD machine. The job of the DNS64 is to synthesize AAAA responses from IPv4-only A records using the well-known prefix (64:ff9b::/96), then embed the Github’s IPv4 address (140.82.121.3) into it which will be (64:ff9b::8c52:7903). The hexadecimal values represent Github’s IPV4 address.

Reviewer: When referencing `unbound(8)` please refer to its main man page (section 8) instead of the man page for its configuration (section 5). We are talking about unbound in general, not about its configuration.

I have also changed "called" to "like" because I would expect that other DNS resolvers (packaged in pkgsrc) can be used as well.

```suggestion
Note that NPF is our router so we will have to enable and configure a DNS caching resolver like [unbound](https://man.NetBSD.org/unbound.8) on the NetBSD machine. The job of the DNS64 is to synthesize AAAA responses from IPv4-only A records using the well-known prefix (64:ff9b::/96), then embed the Github’s IPv4 address (140.82.121.3) into it which will be (64:ff9b::8c52:7903). The hexadecimal values represent Github’s IPV4 address.
```

Author: thankss
